samples: rpc_host: Update the building documentation (#16249)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/rpc_host/README.rst

Example build
=============

> The recommended way of building the nRF RPC Host sample is to use :ref:`configuration_system_overview_sysbuild`, building the sample with the same Bluetooth configuration as the application core sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended way of building this sample is to use :ref:`configuration_system_overview_sysbuild`, building the sample with the same Bluetooth configuration as the application core sample.
```

To enable the firmware, use the sysbuild configuration ``SB_CONFIG_NETCORE_RPC_HOST``.

> You also need to use the :file:`snippets/nordic-bt-rpc/README.rst` snippet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need to use the ``nordic-bt-rpc snippet``, see :file:`snippets/nordic-bt-rpc/README.rst`.
```
